README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris">
    <img src="graphics/chuck-norris-icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Tinder with Chuck Norris</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Get the hottest Chuck Norris Jokes on your phone anytime!
  </p>
</div>

## About the project

A Tinder style app that gives you Chuck Norris jokes from [api.chucknorris.io](https://api.chucknorris.io). This app is build using the [Soar Quest](soar.quest) flutter framework.

<p float="left">
<img src="graphics/Screenshot_1665062916.png" alt="main" style="width:200px;"/>
<img src="graphics/Screenshot_1665062971.png" alt="main with joke" style="width:200px;"/>
</p>

Project is developed using flutter for the Cross-platform Mobile Development with Flutter course at Innopolis University for fall 2022

## Download

[Lastest APK version](https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris/releases/latest/download/chuck-norris.apk)

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Sherif Nafee - [Sh1co](https://github.com/Sh1co) - [s.nafee@innopolis.university](s.nafee@innopolis.university)

Project Link: [https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris](https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris)

Commit message:

Add installation guide to readme

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris">
    <img src="graphics/chuck-norris-icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Tinder with Chuck Norris</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Get the hottest Chuck Norris Jokes on your phone anytime!
  </p>
</div>

## About the project

A Tinder style app that gives you Chuck Norris jokes from [api.chucknorris.io](https://api.chucknorris.io). This app is build using the [Soar Quest](soar.quest) flutter framework.

<p float="left">
<img src="graphics/Screenshot_1665062916.png" alt="main" style="width:200px;"/>
<img src="graphics/Screenshot_1665062971.png" alt="main with joke" style="width:200px;"/>
</p>

Project is developed using flutter for the Cross-platform Mobile Development with Flutter course at Innopolis University for fall 2022

## Installation
1. [Install flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) (version >= 3.3.9)
2. run `flutter pub get` to install dependencies
3. run `flutter create . --platform android` to build to android

If you want to build apk from source run `flutter build apk`

## Download

[Lastest APK version](https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris/releases/latest/download/chuck-norris.apk)

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Sherif Nafee - [Sh1co](https://github.com/Sh1co) - [s.nafee@innopolis.university](s.nafee@innopolis.university)

Project Link: [https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris](https://github.com/Sh1co/Tinder-with-Chuck-Norris)
